Add BCrypt and Argon2 password handling to crypto module (#577)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-crypto: changelog.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - [Introduce new APIs to support password hashing and verification](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues/2744)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Introduce new APIs to support Bcrypt and Argon2 hashing and verification](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues/2744)
```

### Added

> 

Reviewer 2: @MohamedSabthar check the changelog structure here.

> ### Added
> 
> - [Introduce new APIs to support Bcrypt and Argon2 hashing and verification](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues/2744)
> 
> ### Added
> 
> - [Introduce new APIs to support PGP encryption and decryption with streams](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues/7064)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- [Introduce new APIs to support PGP encryption and decryption with streams](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues/7064)
- [Introduce new APIs to support Bcrypt and Argon2 hashing and verification](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-library/issues/2744)
```
